Update term for STS releases (#48127)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/install/linux-scripted-manual.md

## .NET releases

> There are two types of supported releases, Long Term Support (LTS) and Standard Term Support (STS). The quality of all releases is the same. The only difference is the length of support. LTS releases get free support and patches for 3 years. STS releases get free support and patches for 2 years. For more information, see [.NET Support Policy](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/platform/support/policy/dotnet-core).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two types of supported releases, Long Term Support (LTS) and Standard Term Support (STS). The quality of all releases is the same. The only difference is the length of support. LTS releases get free support and patches for three years. STS releases get free support and patches for two years. For more information, see [.NET Support Policy](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/platform/support/policy/dotnet-core).
```

The following table lists the support status of each version of .NET (and .NET Core):

> | ✔️ Supported | ❌ Out of support |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| ✔️ Supported | ❌ End of support |
```

|-------------|------------------|
| 9 (STS)     | 7                |
| 8 (LTS)     | 6 (LTS)          |
|             | 5                |
|             | 3.1              |
|             | 3.0              |
|             | 2.2              |
|             | 2.1              |
|             | 2.0              |
|             | 1.1              |

> |             | 1.0              |

Reviewer 2: I think the list is still useful. @mairaw owns this page, maybe she can update the verbiage to use end of support to align?

> |             | 1.0              |

Reviewer: We do use end of support for the date the support ends but the release itself is out of support.

full table

<img width="1396" height="921" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/132f8392-8b38-45bf-8052-6673a8a4681b" />
